Release v0.12 (#208)
caravancoop/rest-framework-auth-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog for Rest-Framework-Auth-Toolkit

## v0.12

Library tested with Python 3.9 and 3.10,
and Django 3.2, 4.0 and 4.1 (#172)

`SignupDeserializer.create` passes all validated data to the
`create_user` method, so that data for extra fields in your

> subclasses automatically get passed to the model instance

Author: ```suggestion
subclasses automatically get passed to the manager method
```
